python -m src.main --manual --mode probe --length 2.0
1. When I run the code, it first asks for 5V, even though self-check shows that the reading is 5V and the current is flowing, but still it immediately terminates and doesn't take any readings at 5V.
When the code ended it showed me that the railed verification failed at the initial 5V even though current was flowing.
[DONE]
THE FAILURE WAS BECAUSE THE INA219 GOT DISCONNECTED. THE 5V immediately terminates because the first calculation is in the IDLE checking state.



2. During calibration why is the current taken at 0.5, 1, 1.5, 2 Ampere. Even though we cannot communicate about the current to the charger.
During calibration I believe that we should just take some sufficient readings to calculate the resistance of the board, without specifying the current for now.
If there is a way to communicate with the chager to supply specific current and it help in calculating the resistance,
then tell me and we start working on it later, but this issue needs to be fixed for now. 

3. Why does when I run the system in probe mode, all the states become probe, in the resulting .csv file.
[DONE]
This is because in PROBE mode, the IDLE state represents checking the flags, and the PROBE state represents taking the readings.



4. The IDLE state and the CHARGED state, both work on the lower current band, we can remove one of them.
The only difference is that the the phone first stays in IDLE and can only go to CHARGED after CHARGING state.

5. Tell me that what does the phone_taper_s represents in the config.toml

6. The device takes the readings of the debounce_end_s and debounce_start_s, even though they are just for checking the
state transitions. They shouldn't be taken if the state transition is successfull.

7. The confidence formula may not be working because the confidence in all tests is coming out to be 0.0

Improvement
1. The current for charging is 0.xx, for charged is 0.0xx, and for IDLE is 0.00xx
[DONE]


3. Change debounce_end_s from 60 to 30. It represents the time for which the device stays in charged state,
and then the verdict is given that the phone is charged.
[DONE]

6. In the probe mode, the IDLE state represnts that the phone's voltags are being tested and then the PROBE state is given
to show that the cable is now being analyzed. This should not be the case. The states should be 
CHARGING, CHARGED, NO-PHONE, and IDLE.
The IDLE checking state should be replaced by a state name checking that gives the value of the flags.